Update tiup document (#3841)
pingcap/docs: scale-tidb-using-tiup.md

    tiup cluster scale-out <cluster-name> scale-out.yaml
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > Assuming that the current executing command and the newly added machine establish mutual trust. If the conditions for establishing mutual trust are not met, you need to enter the password of the new machine through `-p`, or specify the private key file through `-i`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The command above is based on the assumption that the mutual trust has been configured for the user to execute the command and the new machine. If the mutual trust cannot be configured, use the `-p` option to enter the password of the new machine, or use the `-i` option to specify the private key file.
```

    tiup cluster scale-out <cluster-name> scale-out.yaml
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > Assuming that the current executing command and the newly added machine establish mutual trust. If the conditions for establishing mutual trust are not met, you need to enter the password of the new machine through `-p`, or specify the private key file through `-i`.

Reviewer: ditto

    tiup cluster scale-out <cluster-name> scale-out.yaml
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > Assuming that the current executing command and the newly added machine establish mutual trust. If the conditions for establishing mutual trust are not met, you need to enter the password of the new machine through `-p`, or specify the private key file through `-i`.

Reviewer: ditto
